Update IPA Installation Techniques and Tools (by @NVISOSecurity) (#3100)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tools/ios/MASTG-TOOL-0118.md

---

[Sideloadly](https://sideloadly.io/ "Sideloadly") allows you to obtain a valid signature for a given IPA file and then install it to a connected iOS device. In addition to signing and installing an IPA file, Sideloadly also allows you to inject tweaks, change the App or Bundle name or make other limited modifications to the IPA metadata. Sideloadly is available on both macOS and Windows.

!!! warning "Do not use your personal Apple account"

>     To sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and **not** using your personal Apple account.

Author: Not sure I understand this comment.

>     To sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and **not** using your personal Apple account.

Author: Oh, right. I've linked to the technique now which explains it. The paid account still has restrictions (365 days), so I think the text still makes sense.

>     To sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and **not** using your personal Apple account.

Reviewer: Ok. But shall we remove this sentence? 

> "Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website."

If this is explained on the sideloadly website, let's link to it. But I couldn't find it.

>     To sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained on the Sideloadly website. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and **not** using your personal Apple account.

Author: ```suggestion
    To sign an IPA file, you will need a valid iOS developer account, either free or paid. Both types come with certain restrictions, as explained in @MASTG-TECH-0079. We recommend creating a dedicated developer account for signing test applications, and **not** using your personal Apple account.
```
